I want to ask you what
the country you come from originated
from Canada I guess where that is well I
know where Canada is I've been there
myself well traveled for a slave Solomon
Northup is an expert player on the
violin I was born a free man live with
my family in New York be good for your
mother until the day I was - see -
Solomon
kidnap sold into slavery well boy how
you feel now the name is Solomon north
I'm a free man and you have no right
whatsoever to detain me you know free
man you're nothing but a Georgia runaway
we're down to the river jogger
let's servant don't obey his Lord shall
be beaten with many stripes that's
Scripture the condition of your laborers
it's all wrong am i property you say
that with pride I say it is fact great
man does how he pleases with his
property booth
you come here mister come here days ago
I was with my family and my own now you
tell me all this lost if you want to
survive do and say as little as possible
I so love arising when I don't survive
for a year and you're one of them
I don't you knowed something I did as
instructed there's something wrong it's
wrong with the instruction master bought
you here to work anymore or learn you
100 lashes I know what it like to be the
object of masses master in his own time
good LAN empennage Imam
I will survive I will not fall into
despair I will keep myself on it to
freedom is opportune
I was a free man
I'm not a slave
you